Oh, it's Sparlock! Caleb!
We need someone to save us!
Caleb!
Activate the Magic Sparlock!
Hi! How was school today?
Fine. Look at Sparlock's Magic Caleb!
What? Toy is that?
It's Sparlock! The Warrior Wizard!
Whoa! A Warrior Wizard!
Yeah, my friend gave it to me.
All the kids are going to see the movie. Can I see you too?
Oh, your friend gave this to you.
Hmm. You look pretty excited about this.
Why don't you come over here and get your snack, okay?
Is this toy magical?
Mm-hmm. Caleb, who likes magic?
Jehovah or Satan?
Satan.
Right. Magic is bad. That's why Jehovah hates it.
Do you really want to play with something
that Jehovah hates? Do you remember who we learned about at Family Worship?
Who is this? Ed Meneef.
Right. Did they obey Jehovah?
No, they disobey Jehovah. And he got very sad.
So what if you disobey Jehovah and play with toys he doesn't like?
Do you think Jehovah will be happy?
We're sad. Sad? Yeah.
Do you want Jehovah to be sad?
No. I don't want Jehovah to be sad with me.
No, I don't want Jehovah to be sad with you either.
So what do you think you should do with this toy?
Caleb, I am so proud of you.
You made mommy very happy. And you know who else is happy?
Jehovah. Yes. Jehovah loves you very much for obeying him, Caleb.
You know what I want to do?
What? I want to go ride bikes.
Yay! Let's go!